Create README.md (#200)
planetlabs/notebooks: jupyter-notebooks/psscene-transition/README.md

# PSScene Transition

This document is was created for the August 23rd 2022 PSScene Migration Workshop (the recording link will be made available a day or two after the webinar).

> The notebook runs through the changes that will occur to the Data, Orders and Subscription API. For each the changes are commented next to the old text. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The notebook runs through the PSScene documentation changes that will occur in the usage of the Data, Orders and Subscription APIs. For each, the recommended changes are commented next to the original item and asset types text. 
```

To use the notebook either have your API key stored as an environment variable($PL_API_KEY) or paste it as a string to replace to the `os.getenv('PL_API_KEY')`.

> Extra info can be found in [this blog post](https://developers.planet.com/docs/apis/data/psscene3-4band-deprecation/) for what the specific asset types and bundle types will be changing to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additional information can be found in [our Developer Center PSScene Transition documentation](https://developers.planet.com/docs/apis/data/psscene3-4band-deprecation/) for what the specific asset types and bundle types will be changing to.
```
